and we're under way with this six-man
tag team match in a tag match it's
important to remember that it's not
about how good pays go into the pan
if you haven't done it yet check out WWE
com you'll find updates and blogs from
all your favorite superstars he have his
eyes open
and he fights out of it he breaks the
hold
so much on the line and this one like
they say on any given night anything can
happen in the dummy to be his partners
being punished that he seated up this
match is being televised around the
world in 18 languages in over one
facebuster oh we got em fer mendes
action in this match
and the rep is now completely distracted
and there's the count
budget
he plants him down with authority we're
going to see a lot of effective moves
like that in this match watch it it he
powers out
see up to here
so far this has been a very competitive
tag team match
it's imperative he gets back in the ring
right now
watch the superstar whoa
he fights his way out
and this is what he couldn't make it